[♪ Music ♪]
[Male] Kaltura's live and on-demand video solutions for enterprises
deliver groundbreaking knowledge sharing and collaboration capabilities,
opening up new interactive communication channels
for employees, customers, and users.
That's why leading companies and organizations from around the world
are all using Kaltura's robust platform.
Kaltura's solutions are focused on achieving your goals across the enterprise.
Kaltura empowers your social enterprise strategy,
allowing you to accelerate knowledge sharing,
collaboration and communication among employees and with customers
using applications like Kaltura's MediaSpace,
a corporate YouTube, and our video extension for SharePoint.
Our solutions will transform the way your organization communicates,
taking productivity to a new high.
Enhance training programs and better measure their effectiveness
with Kaltura's video analytics tools, improving results
and reducing costs.
Our video tools also easily integrate into your public sites,
boosting marketing campaign results and promoting brand awareness.
Reach your employees and customers on any device,
whether they're in the office, on the road, or at home
connected via VPN.
Get up and running in no time with our out-of-the-box video solutions
or leverage Kaltura's hundreds of APIs and professional services
to create your own custom workflows and solutions.
Our team is waiting to help you craft your own optimal video solution.
Kaltura, creating value with video.
[Kaltura open source video]